Add `EIP_1559_BASE_FEE_LOWER_BOUND_WEI` (#403)
blockscout/docs: setup/env-variables/backend-env-variables.md

| `EIP_1559_BASE_FEE_MAX_CHANGE_DENOMINATOR`              | EIP-1559 base fee max change denominator. See also `INDEXER_OPTIMISM_L2_HOLOCENE_TIMESTAMP`. Implemented in [#9202](https://github.com/blockscout/blockscout/pull/9202)                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            | <p>Version: v6.2.0+<br>Default: <code>8</code><br>Applications: API</p>                                                                                                    |

> | `EIP_1559_BASE_FEE_LOWER_BOUND_WEI`                     | Minimum boundary for base fee calculation in `wei`. Implemented in [#12370](https://github.com/blockscout/blockscout/pull/12370).                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  | <p>Version: master<br>Default: <code>0</code><br>Applications: API</p>                                                                                                    |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `EIP_1559_BASE_FEE_LOWER_BOUND_WEI`                     | Minimum boundary for base fee calculation in `wei`. Implemented in [#12370](https://github.com/blockscout/blockscout/pull/12370).                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  | <p>Version: v8.1.0+<br>Default: <code>0</code><br>Applications: API</p>                                                                                                    |
```
